All right. So let's go and get started.
In this video we're going to define our configs
and our environment file,
use the environment in our app,
and also run it with the environment configuration.
So, let's move into this directory here, environments,
and let's opened up the file environment.ts.
So this is our default configuration.
And in this file, we can define any name value pair
that we like.
So we'll define our luv2shopApiUrl.
And we know that our backend right now
is running on the secure port, https://localhost:8443.
All right, so let's go ahead and take a look at step two.
We're going to use the environment in our application.
And so basically this URL is hard-coded
in all of our services.
So I'm moving to the app services,
and then I'll go through the services
and I'll update them accordingly.
And I'll start here with the auth-interceptor service.
And we'll see down here in the handleAccess method
that we have is URL hard-coded.
So let's go ahead and make use of our environment.
So I'll, simply set up the end point.
This will be equal to the environment.luv2shopApiUrl.
So that's the end point.
And then this array of secured end points.
I'll simply replace the hard coded item here
with this item that I just set up, theEndpoint.
And then the environment was imported up top.
So we're making use of that environment file
that we set up previously. So this looks pretty good.
Now let's move down to our checkout.service.ts
and this person also has a hard coded URL in place.
So we'll simply replace this portion of it
with our environment information.
So again, referencing that environment.luv2shop.ApiUrl,
and that is automatically imported at top for us.
And now we just kind of repeat the process for all the
upcoming services here.
So this is kind of just more of the same.
So right now I'm in my luv2ShopFormService
and I'll make the appropriate updates here.
And then I'll make a similar update here
for the order history service.
And then the last item here is for the product service.
Alrighty, so this looks pretty good so far.
Now in step three, we can run our application
with the environment configuration.
So let's go ahead and open up a new terminal window,
just move into my angular-ecommerce directory
and we'll start the application.
And what we'll do here is that we won't give
an actual configuration name,
so it'll simply use the default configuration
and the default configuration is environment.ts.
So those entries that were made into the environment ts file
it'll actually use that one.
Alrighty, so our Angular app is up and running.
We can go ahead and access it in our browser.
And so we're at 4200 and I like to say success.
So right now we're able to connect or retrieve data
from the Spring Boot backend
and the URL is no longer hard coded in the services class.
So we have the basics in place right now to use
other environments in the future.
So if we wanted to make use of like a QA environment or
production environment, we can easily do that
by simply adding the appropriate files.
And I'll show you some more details on that
in some of the upcoming videos, but at least at this moment,
we have the basics in place.
No more hard coding of the URL in the services class,
it's in one central location.
Okay. So this looks pretty good so far.
I'm happy. Good job. My friend.